OS 10 natively supports multiple
desktops they call it spaces you can
access it from applications utilities
and then selecting spaces you will then
get for desktops up here you can switch
between them and you can even drag
windows across them by clicking your
desktop it will take you onto that
desktop by holding ctrl and using the
arrow keys you can navigate through the
pages but how do I get this effect on
windows because windows does not
natively support this feature in this
tutorial I will be taking you through
how to get features like this for
Windows two main options you have for
this the first is cube desktop you can
download a free 14-day trial however you
will have to buy the full version for
just under twenty dollars you will
simply just need to download it and
install and then if you go down to your
system tray you'll have these one two
three four five and six so you have six
available desktops by default by
clicking the cure right clicking the
queue you'll get free DQ window exposure
and a bunch of other settings by
clicking free deed here or f11 as a
shortcut it'll take you into afridi tube
which you can spin around and view your
life desktops however if you do not have
a great graphics card this will not work
as you can see here however you still
can use the numbers in your tray icon
here you can change settings so for each
different the stuff you can have
different photos and different pictures
and there is a lot you can do within the
software you can define virtual desktops
you can define different names you can
enable on screen display you can change
the tray icons different features and
you can
arrange different transitions between
the desktops you can have a desktop wall
and you can even password protect some
desktops so there is a lot you can do in
here and I will be here all day if I was
to go through all the settings the
second piece of software is completely
free is called virtual dimension all
links will be in the description below
you will just have to click download and
you can done download and install it for
free this basically does the same job
but it is much more minimal and basic it
will run a little system tray icon here
so it will run a process and it will not
slow down your computer by right
clicking it you get desk one just to and
desk free as they are the ones i have
created and as you see here we've got
home desk to and desk free as you see on
whom it's got a little internet explorer
logo because that's what we have got
open by right-clicking you can click
configure and it will take you into the
settings pretty similar to before you've
got all display settings on screen
display settings and more advanced
settings for the advanced user but the
basic thing is adding desktops so i can
click insert and i'll get desk for i can
then click configure and i can give it a
name so i could call this one facebook
if i was to run facebook on this desktop
and as you see here now i have home one
two three facebook so this is a very
useful tool if you are on a small screen
with a low resolution or you are a
netbook or you generally just have a lot
of processes and programs open in my
opinion the paid one is obviously the
best and please stay tuned for a review
review of that but for a more minimal
basic machine i rarely do suggest
virtual dimension thank you for watching
and please do subscribe for more also
head over to the world of tech net for
the latest news and reviews